Initial WAF support for NGINXaaS for Google (#1939)
nginx/documentation: content/nginxaas-google/getting-started/nginx-configuration/overview.md

## Configuration directives list

> NGINXaaS supports a limited set of NGINX directives. The directives with the "app_protect" prefix require [F5 WAF for NGINX](https://docs.nginx.com/waf) to be enabled for the deployment.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NGINXaaS supports a limited set of NGINX directives. The directives with the "app_protect" prefix require [F5 WAF for NGINX]({{< ref "/waf" >}}) to be enabled for the deployment.
```

> NGINXaaS does not yet support F5 WAF for NGINX custom security policies or logging profiles. Support is limited to the [prebuilt policies](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/configuration/#default-policy) and the [default logging profiles](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/logging/logs-overview/#default-logging-profile-bundles).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
NGINXaaS does not yet support F5 WAF for NGINX custom security policies or logging profiles. Support is limited to the [prebuilt policies]({{< ref "/waf/policies/configuration.md#default-policy" >}}) and the [default logging profiles]({{< ref "/waf/logging/logs-overview.md#default-logging-profile-bundles" >}}).
```

[app_protect_cookie_seed](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives)\
[app_protect_cpu_thresholds](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives)\
[app_protect_custom_log_attribute](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#f5-waf-for-nginx-directives)\
[app_protect_enable](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#f5-waf-for-nginx-directives)\
[app_protect_failure_mode_action](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives)\
[app_protect_physical_memory_util_thresholds](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives)\
[app_protect_policy_file](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#f5-waf-for-nginx-directives)\
[app_protect_reconnect_period_seconds](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives)\
[app_protect_request_buffer_overflow_action](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives)\
[app_protect_security_log](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#f5-waf-for-nginx-directives)\
[app_protect_security_log_enable](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#f5-waf-for-nginx-directives)\

> [app_protect_user_defined_signatures](https://docs.nginx.com/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives)\

Reviewer: ```suggestion
[app_protect_compressed_requests_action]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives:~:text=app_protect_compressed_requests_action" >}})\
[app_protect_cookie_seed]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives:~:text=app_protect_cookie_seed" >}})\
[app_protect_cpu_thresholds]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives:~:text=app_protect_cpu_thresholds" >}})\
[app_protect_custom_log_attribute]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#f5-waf-for-nginx-directives:~:text=app_protect_custom_log_attribute" >}})\
[app_protect_enable]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#f5-waf-for-nginx-directives:~:text=modules/ngx_http_app_protect_module.so-,app_protect_enable" >}})\
[app_protect_failure_mode_action]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives:~:text=app_protect_failure_mode_action" >}})\
[app_protect_physical_memory_util_thresholds]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives:~:text=app_protect_physical_memory_util_thresholds" >}})\
[app_protect_policy_file](<{{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#f5-waf-for-nginx-directives:~:text=app_protect_enable%20on-%2Capp_protect_policy_file" >}}>)\
[app_protect_reconnect_period_seconds]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives:~:text=app_protect_reconnect_period_seconds" >}})\
[app_protect_request_buffer_overflow_action]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives:~:text=app_protect_request_buffer_overflow_action" >}})\
[app_protect_security_log]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#f5-waf-for-nginx-directives:~:text=app_protect_security_log" >}})\
[app_protect_security_log_enable]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#f5-waf-for-nginx-directives:~:text=app_protect_security_log_enable" >}})\
[app_protect_user_defined_signatures]({{< ref "/waf/policies/directives/#global-directives:~:text=app_protect_user_defined_signatures" >}})\
```

Using ref and `:~:text=`  to link to the actual policy in the table
